= ruby.mk

* http://ruby.mk
* http://github.com/mkrug/ruby.mk


== DESCRIPTION:

Web site of Macedonian Ruby Users Group (MKRUG)

The idea of ruby.mk is to build a simple website using Sinatra
http://www.sinatrarb.com/ ruby framework. Functionality of the site
should be very basic, with features for posting announcements and
aggregation of contents from other sites (twitter, blogs, bookmarks,
etc) of MK ruby users. Any other ideas are also welcome and will be
discussed. If you are interested in collaboration on this project 
please write a private message and we will add you as a collaborator. 
Then you can clone the repository and add your name in the License 
copyright area and commit to check if everything works OK.


== INSTALLATION

- Install sinatra and sinatra-authorization gems as submodules

    git submodule init
    git submodule update

- Install Data Mapper gems and database support

    sudo gem install dm-core
    sudo gem install dm-more

    sudo apt-get install libsqlite3-dev # dependency for do_sqlite3
    sudo gem install do_sqlite3 # data objects driver for SQLite3
    sudo gem install do_mysql # data objects driver for MySQL

- Setup database

    Currently this project is setup to run on MySQL database:

    mysql -u root -p # login to mysql console
    CREATE DATABASE ruby_mk CHARACTER SET = utf8 # create ruby_mk database
    DataMapper.setup(:default, 'mysql://root:pass@localhost/ruby_mk')

    Then, go to irb and run:

    irb
    require 'lib/ruby_mk/models'
    DataMapper.auto_migrate! # to create all tables or
    DataMapper.auto_upgrade! # to create new added tables

    For other database setups check out notes in lib/ruby_mk/models

- Config application

    cp config/app.yml.temp config/app.yml # copy and then edit app.yml with your credentials

- Run application with thin server

    thin start --rackup config.ru # run app with thin server
    rackup config.ru -p 3000 # or with rackup


== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Dalibor Nasevic, Peco Danajlovski

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


